WordPress Theme Skeleton 
=========

To make a long story short, I hate repeating myself. A lot. Every time I sit down to build a WordPress theme for a client, I end out starting the exact same way. So I decided to make a WordPress Theme skeleton. Not only does this saves me hours of time, but after months of refinement, this skeleton has brought my client themes to a whole new level. 
Make sure to fork me! If you do, you get a cookie.

[Download WordPress Theme Skeleton](http://github.com/kennethreitz/wordpress-theme-skeleton/zipball/HEAD) to get started.


Features
--------

* Pre-built `functions.php`, `header.php`, `footer.php`, `page.php`, `single.php`, `index.php`, `404.php`
* Out of the box iPhone / iPad CSS support (portrait and landscape). Just edit [`iPhone.css`](http://github.com/kennethreitz/wordpress-theme-skeleton/blob/master/css/iphone.css) and [`iPad.css`](http://github.com/kennethreitz/wordpress-theme-skeleton/blob/master/css/ipad.css)
* Additional meta-tags for Mobile Safari
* Included Apple Touch Icon (46x46)
* Included custom icon for site login screen
* jQuery plugin which adds OS, Browser name, and Version to body tag.
* jQuery plugin for marking current URL in links 
* CSS Reset and Standard Attributes included
* All page types are available as Page / Post Templates.
* Additional body classes added to detect current browser
* Official support for [wp-minify](http://omninoggin.com/wordpress-plugins/wp-minify-wordpress-plugin/)


Still in the works...
---------------

* Custom Theme Settings template
* Settings for adding Prototype, MooTools, and ExtCore (defaulting to jQuery of course)


What you need to know
--------

**Structure:**

> .container > #header + #content + #footer

Happy coding!